Code Facts#ROOT                                                                                                          Maps To            UNKNOWN             Type:UNKNOWNTYPE                   
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.web.OwnerController                                                                Maps To            controller          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.web.PetController                                                                  Maps To            controller          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.web.CrashController                                                                Maps To            controller          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.web.PetTypeFormatter                                                               Maps To            controller          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.web.VisitController                                                                Maps To            controller          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.VisitRepository                                                         Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.springdatajpa.SpringDataVetRepository                                   Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.springdatajpa.SpringDataVisitRepository                                 Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.springdatajpa.SpringDataPetRepository                                   Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.springdatajpa.SpringDataOwnerRepository                                 Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jpa.JpaPetRepositoryImpl                                                Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jpa.JpaOwnerRepositoryImpl                                              Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jpa.JpaVetRepositoryImpl                                                Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jpa.JpaVisitRepositoryImpl                                              Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcOwnerRepositoryImpl                                            Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcVisitRowMapper                                                 Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcPetRepositoryImpl                                              Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcVisitRepositoryImpl                                            Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcPet                                                            Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcVetRepositoryImpl                                              Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcVetRepositoryImpl$1                                            Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.jdbc.JdbcPetRowMapper                                                   Maps To            repository          Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.VetRepository                                                           Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.OwnerRepository                                                         Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.repository.PetRepository                                                           Maps To            repository          Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Visit                                                                        Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.BaseEntity                                                                   Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Pet                                                                          Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Owner                                                                        Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Specialty                                                                    Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Vet                                                                          Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.PetType                                                                      Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.model.Person                                                                       Maps To            model               Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.util.CallMonitoringAspect                                                          Maps To            util                Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.PetclinicInitializer                                                               Maps To            util                Type:Class                         
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.service.ClinicService                                                              Maps To            service             Type:Interface                     
org.springframework.samples.petclinic.service.ClinicServiceImpl                                                          Maps To            service             Type:Class                         
